hello friends with you again
iphones.ru seems to have finally arrived
summer
and we have another news in the yard
video danis hard monday started
from the release immediately 2 software updates
apple stationary products
operating system mavericks got
update 10 94 finally decided
problem with forever from falling or
falling off wi-fi signal
Mac pro 2013 owners also waited
pleasant surprises all artifacts from vogue
during the rendering video are gone
without a trace
by looming before the release of ios 8 managed and
ios 7 12 operating system
Alas, no major updates.
new arrest did not receive except improved
work
hp.com and more secure protocols
mail updated jailbreak from panda
still friends with yves 712
so welcome to fans of a freebie
another software innovation
became a complete cessation of support
vaunted ae ae an hour before it really
archaic messenger all that was before
os x 712 version is no longer supported
first own apple cards
there were still cooked 6 but criticism
users was merciless and apple
by her persistence, nevertheless managed to withdraw
map service to a new level
but waiting for ios 8 where the cards should
change the fate do each
The application is better, do not forget about
education
this week updated the legendary
Altius service that helps students
and students
master hundreds of lectures thanks
tablet in alpha but 27 schools from
los angeles lucky less new
tablet ipad no longer shipped
will the administration simply decided that
it's inconvenient for children to work again on ipad
instead of ipad administration will purchase new
tablets
the Soviet Union, though there is also an apple keyboard
continues to work on his own
voice force assistant
attracting more and more
employees from third-party firms but
forcing them to work exclusively under
apple brand
I want to believe that in the updated headquarters
there will be more Russians because we are waiting
in Russian support siri let's go over
watch and watch and there was a little bit
warmer
apple hires sales manager
companies so air jean-claude beaver on
beaver's shoulders will fall
american dream oh watch with sign
Swiss quality
I have not left iwatch without attention Essen
solution presenting the next randall
long-awaited hours designers see watches
just rectangular shot diagonal
Display two and a half inches what
We wait and see maybe even a Kupin
now different from the specifics and
take a look at the new batch of rumor renders
iphone mockups and stuff
6 no not nonsense
we all are waiting for iphone 6 and so
high-quality photos of the front panel
sixes who got to us from no one
blogger sony gibson poured out to me
it was necessary and exactly a day later appeared
video from the chinese lab where
the front panel immediately compared with
the current flagship iphone 5s
front panel has increased significantly in
sizes imagine the camera migrated
on the left side continuing to collect 6
iphone bit by bit we can admire
a new train of power keys and keys
the volume is remarkable the fact that both
components now no single whole as in
iphone 5s
as fully autonomous as always
consider any letters or numbers
impossible because the same rumors as they
blurred into the general collection of renders
iphone 6, add a couple more myself
realistic from them the creation of hands
saved up on the designer who collected all
rumors together and who did what you
now you see, but the Japanese have to that effect
completely your opinion
iphone 6 should get cardinal
redesign what let's look at
example rounded face curved
display and the absence of the usual
several annoying screen wounds but
if you are not ready to say goodbye to the frames
iphone 6 is ideal for you
render
proposed by the blog dt block all that
you have seen before, but a little neater
and brighter
when we see iphone 6 you ask
I answer September 19 immediately after the day
my wife's birth
most speak about this date
sources to support a competitor's friend
if this happens is decided and samsung
first mystical flowed into the net
new flagship galaxy r renders
exactly this model is korean
the manufacturer is cooking as an assassin
iphone 6
and after a few days the network
there was a movie with frank trolling
iphone battery
mass climbing
sting
for push small sauvignon and on jeju the
ruins samsung galaxy s iv
what to play this week
be sure to try out the new civilization
revolution 2
not a small price of 479 rubles for
addictive and enjoyable gameplay
but to experience nostalgia boldly
Download Sky Force Skroll Shooter 2014
a big hi of two thousand was with you
Vladimir cousins ​​and
iphones.ru follow the news
subscribe to the channel put likes and
chew juicy apples